<h2>Frequently Asked Questions</h2>

<h4>Why did you start developing Ward Book?</h4>
Several Bishops have expressed to us a desire to have a secure way to share notes about members of the Ward (ex: when they last gave a talk, if they're a "Do Not Contact", their progress in taking the new member lessons, etc.). Programmers love solving problems, so we decided to do just that :)

<h4>Where does Ward Book get its data from?</h4>
Ward Book aggregates data from two sources:
<ol>
<li>Publicly-accessible APIs posted this LDSTech Wiki https://tech.lds.org/wiki/LDS_Tools_Web_Services</li>
<li>An application-specific database hosted by Parse.com</li>
</ol>

<h4>What information do you pull from the LDS Church's resources and how do you use it?</h4>
<ol>
<li><b>Birth Date</b> - used to order the members in a household by age</li>
<li><b>Position Information</b> - used to filter content and manage permissions used within the Application</li>
<li><b>Name</b> - used to organize individual members into households based on last name. Only the names of those 18 and older are shown in the app</li>
<li><b>Address</b> - used to organize individual members into households by their current residence. It is not stored anywhere within the Application or on any server used by the Application</li>
</ol>

<h4>What information do you store in your application-specific database</h4>
Wardbook does not store any information retreived from MLS, lds.org, or an church-affiliated applications or servers. Our Parse database stores:
<ol>
<li>The title of the calling that created the comment</li>
<li>The text of the comment (encrypted)</li>
<li>The ids of the callings that can view the comment</li>
<li>The ids of the people tagged in the comment</li>
<li>The ids of those who cannot view the comment</li>
<li>Misc. database-related fields (unique identifiers, creation dates, etc.)</li>
</ol>

In addition to the comment field being encrypted and decrypted at run-time, the ids of the callings and people related to the comment are generated by my application. Also, the title of the calling of him or her who created the comment is generated by Ward Book. This was done for the following reasons:
<ol>
<li>No LDS church-related information is stored inside Ward Book</li>
<li>In the unlikely event that our database is compromised, any exposed data would not be able to be tied back to the LDS church or any of its members</li>
</ol>

<h4>How do you handle privacy within Ward Book?</h4>
<ol>
<li>You cannot even use the application if you are not a member of an Auxillary presidency and/or granted access to MLS</li>
<li>When a user create a comment he can decide which callings can view the comment. Meaning no one not explicitly assigned by the user as a viewable party can see the comment</li>
<li>No user can see any comment in which he is tagged in, even if his calling should give him permission to</li>
<li>The ids of users and callings that tie this information together are uniquely generated values that the application creates itself</li>
<li>Besides names, no other personal information is displayed, stored, or maintained within Ward Book or any servers associated with this application</li>
</ol>
It is important to consider that the purpose of Ward Book is to facilitate coordination and collaboration among the members of the Ward Council and their presidencies. As such, if any information is extremely personal or would not be appropriate sharing with the church leadership, we recommend not storing it inside this application.

<h4>What if I'm released? Can I still view the people's information? How do I transfer the information on my device?</h4>
Ward Book syncs with the LDS Church's resources. As soon as your release is recorded in MLS, you will be automatically locked out of the application. Similarly, once the new individual's calling is recorded in MLS, he or she will be able to use the application and will be able to see all the comments you were previously able to view.



