<h1>PRIVACY POLICY</h1>
This privacy policy was developed with the help of docracy.com.

<h2>PRIVACY POLICY MODEL FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS</h2>
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Ward Book (“Application”) for
mobile devices that was created by The Andersen Family Press. The Application is designed to
assist the LDS Ward Council and their presidencies in coordinating their outreach efforts.

<h3>What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?</h3>
Please see the FAQ section.

<h3>Does the Application collect any location information?</h3>
No

<h3>Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?</h3>
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to crash reporting and log services to help us
improve the Application and our service. These logs and reports are used for debugging only and do not contain any personal or identifiable information.

We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
<ol>
<li>as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;</li>
<li>when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
<li>with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
</ol>

If The Andersen Family Press is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice in the Application of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.

<h3>What are my opt-out rights?</h3>
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application.
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or
via the mobile application marketplace or network. Note that this does not prevent others from using the Application and tagging you in their comments.

<h3>Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information</h3>
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time
thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter
may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via
the Application, please contact us at development@andersenfamilypress.com and we will respond in a
reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order
for the Application to function properly.

<h3>Children</h3>
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age
of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information
without their consent, he or she should contact us at development@andersenfamilypress.com . We will delete
such information from our files within a reasonable time.

<h3>Security</h3>
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical,
electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example,
we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that
information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that,
although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no
security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

The username and password you provide is not stored by the Application, meaning its security is entirely managed by your relationship with lds.org. If you wish to change your username and password you must contact lds.org to do so. 

In addition, by entering your username and password you give the Application complete, express consent to view, aggregate, and display data generated by the LDS church in your behalf. As such, you take full responsibility for the security, privacy, and liability of any information that is shown, used, or shared by this Application.

<h3>Changes</h3>
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any
changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult 
this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, ascontinued use is deemed approval of all changes. 

<h3>Your Consent</h3>
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in
this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a
computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not
limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which
activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your
information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards. 

<h3>Contact us</h3>
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about
our practices, please contact us via email at development@andersenfamilypress.com .
